All right, in the last section, we have completed the food section.
We've got the data from the database.
We showed it here in the main page.
In this section, we're going to hide these buttons.
Let me show you here.
So are you going to hide this part?
And also the input section.
The other things I want to do is to add a rather.
So when we click on this icon and also the home icon here, which you can see you're not, you cannot
see in the mobile size.
And when you click on them, you want to go to the homepage.
So if you're using something called use router from next rather to do so.
So, uh, the other thing.
So I would like to say I added a dependency here for I forgot the last video to add the dependency for
the use fee, and it was requesting every second to the post and I didn't know that.
So if you check here.
The usage.
You can see that every hour we were requesting like a 20 K.
So it was if you don't do the dependency, so every fuse, every second or even less than the second
you get requested database and and Firebase database is free until 50000 over 50000 a day.
You have to pay, so bear in debt, bear in your mind that you don't forget the dependency and quickly
added before you finish your three.
And read line here.
OK, so let's.
Let's continue with our.
VIDEO and the hide this from in order to hide these sections.
We need to get this session, so we need to know if the person is logged and or not, if the person
is log out.
We need to hide this section so we go to.
Feet.
Uh, we need to go to the feed section and actually we need to go to the post 30th because everything
here is inside post touches and inside the post touches.
We have few pots, we have post buttons, which is here and post comments and also post inbox.
So we're going to hide to pass this part and this part.
So first, let's bring the use session.
So we import.
Use session.
And this is going to be from next.
Off.
Forward slash reacts.
Also, where are you going to get this session here at the top?
So we create a constant and we will get the data from the U.S. and we call the data session and we equally
this to use session.
All right.
Now we can use this session and we create a ternary operator to hide that, but then section, for example,
first, so first we open.
It could set up curly braces at JavaScript here.
So we say if this session exists there.
You show this spot and we just bring everything inside the parenthesis.
You can do the same things.
That's the depression check.
So now we can we can see the buttons, but then we find out.
The important section is hidden, so let's hide this comment section as well.
The important part?
So here we at session.
Use the ternary operator and and sign, so the book should exist if the first one is false and the compiler
are not going to check the second part.
This is the and.
Logic, so we go up and we bring this one, too.
So now we only see the comment section.
Also, we want to add the writer for the home button and also this icon and also this Instagram icon.
So we go to header that takes the place that these things are existed.
So if you go to that and we import.
And a top import.
Use.
Rather.
From next.
Forward slash route.
And then here it create a constant and we call it the root or, as English people say, the router.
So.
The American accent is rather so Konst rather is equal to use user after.
And we just need to use this one and add and click on the image.
And the other thing so we have two images at the beginning.
So here we added unclear, and the enclave is going to be a function that.
Called the router, and it's going to bring us to the homepage.
So let's add the same things for.
The other image.
Because we have two images, one here and one in here.
And also, let's add this the same things for the.
Home button here, home icon.
So we paste this one here as well.
So let's test this.
So we go to another page like signing page.
And we click on the home page.
Said the rather is not a function.
Yeah, that's true.
I forgot to add the router, and we're using a method called push, actually.
So it's a rather dark push.
So we fix this one here and here.
So now it should work.
So now we went to the home page by clicking here.
Let's go back to the signing page and we test this icon as well.
Yeah, it's working and we don't see the buttons and the input box that's signing and check if we can
see the icons again, that's signing with this email.
Yeah.
Now you can see the portents and also the.
The comment section in the next section, we're going to add the functionality that when we write down
in the comments section something it goes to the database so we can save these comments and show them
at a top.
So let's first the and everything to get her, so we'll just take it, and I will comment that.
And the message would be.
Hi button's and come inputs.
Sections.
When?
The user is locked.
Oh.
And we push it to get high.
And let's review the code that we have written.
It's here and refresh the page first to see all the comments.
Now we have 24 comments and we click on the Yes Sir.
Yet comments by showing Mr.
So let's check.
Let's try it again.
I think.
Some problem here.
So the problem is.
Oh, I forgot to add the.
And here.
So the message, the comment, the message would be this.
No, we can't do.
OK.
Let's refresh the page.
Yes, 30 seconds ago, we got and you commit, as you can see, we just added the router.
Use it out there.
For the home page and to icons, and we hide two parts.
From the post that yes.
We used to use Session to get this session, and then we used ternary operator to hide the.
Buttons and also the input part.
So in the next section, we're going to add this functionality, which gives us the ability to send
the comments sections data from this input to the database, so see in the next section.